Translated techlab 3.5 to english (#31)
appuio/techlab: labs/00_introduction.md

# OpenShift V3 Techlab Introduction

> Whith a Platform as a Service (PaaS) the wy we develope Software changes. Puzzle presents OpenShift V3 - the *Container Platform* by Red Hat - in this Tech Lab. Developers learn hands-on the most important steps to deploy an application in the Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) solution the way we develop software changes. In this tech lab we'd like to show you OpenShift - a container platform by Red Hat. Developers learn the most important steps to deploy an application in the cloud hands-on on our tech lab platform.
```
